OPEN EYES PROPRIETARY LICENCE Version 1.0

IMPORTANT NOTICE: PLEASE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE INSTALLING THE SOFTWARE: This
licence agreement (“Licence”) is a legal agreement between you (“Licensee” or
“you”) and Moorfields Eye Hospital NHS Foundation Trust of City Road, London
EC1V 2PD (“Licensor” or “we”) for this Open Eyes software product (“Software”),
which includes computer software, the data supplied with it, and [online
documentation] (“Documentation”). 

THIS SOFTWARE REQUIRES A COMPUTER RUNNING PHP version 5.x. BY INSTALLING THIS
SOFTWARE YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENCE WHICH WILL BIND YOU.  IF YOU DO
NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENCE, WE ARE UNWILLING TO LICENSE THE SOFTWARE
TO YOU AND YOU MUST UNINSTALL THE SOFTWARE.

1.	GRANT AND SCOPE OF LICENCE

1.1	In consideration of you agreeing to abide by the terms of this Licence, the
Licensor hereby grants to you a non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to use
the Software [and the Documentation] to develop, modify and maintain the
Software in accordance with the terms of this Licence.

1.2	The “use of Software” includes the right to copy, distribute, modify, adapt
or make error corrections to the Software in object code or source code form for
private or commercial purposes.


2.	LICENSEE'S UNDERTAKINGS

2.1	Except as expressly set out in this Licence or as permitted by any local
law, you undertake: 

(a)	to include the copyright notice of the Licensor on all copies of the
Software in any form and, for all modified versions of the Software, to include
a notice acknowledging the Licensor’s copyright in the original Software; and

(b)	to pay any royalties in accordance with clause 3.

2.2	You must permit the Licensor and his representatives, at all reasonable
times and on reasonable advance notice, to inspect and have access to any
premises, and to the computer equipment located there, at which the Software or
the Documentation is being kept or used, and any records kept pursuant to this
Licence, for the purpose of ensuring that you are complying with the terms of
this Licence.


3.	ROYALTIES

3.1	The Licensee shall pay to the Licensor a royalty of [PERCENTAGE]% of the Net
Revenue received by selling the Software [or a product containing the Software]
where “Net Revenue” means the actual invoiced price less, to the extent
identified on the invoice, any costs of packing, insurance, transport, delivery,
VAT and any other government taxes, duties or levies, and trade discounts and
other allowances granted. 

3.2	Where the Licensee has granted any sub-licence of the Software, the Licensee
shall include, in its royalty payments, payments in respect of all sales carried
out by or on behalf of the sub-licensee, and shall include records of such
activities in the records it keeps and statements it submits pursuant to clause
3.9, clause 3.10 and clause 3.11.

3.4	All payments made by the Licensee under this Licence are exclusive of VAT.
If any such payment constitutes the whole or any part of the consideration for a
taxable or deemed taxable supply by the Licensor, the Licensee shall increase
that payment by an amount equal to the VAT which is chargeable in respect of the
taxable or deemed taxable supply in question, provided that the Licensor shall
have delivered a valid VAT invoice in respect of such VAT to the Licensee. If
the Licensee fails to comply with its obligations under this clause, it shall
additionally pay all interest and penalties, which thereby arise to the
Licensor. If any VAT invoice is delivered to the Licensee after the relevant
payment has been made, the Licensee shall pay the VAT due within five business
days of the Licensor delivering a valid VAT invoice.

3.5	All royalties payable under this Licence shall be paid free and clear of all
deductions and withholdings unless the deduction or withholding is required by
law. If any deduction or withholding is required by law the Licensee shall pay
to the Licensor such sum as will, after the deduction or withholding has been
made, leave the Licensor with the same amount as it would have been entitled to
receive in the absence of any such requirement to make a deduction or
withholding. 

3.6	Royalties payable under this Licence shall be paid in sterling to the credit
of a bank account to be designated by the Licensor to the Licensee. 

3.7	Royalties payable under this Licence shall be paid within 30 days of the end
of each Quarter, where “Quarter” means the three-month periods (or part thereof)
commencing on 1 January, 1 April, 1 July and 1 October respectively.  For the
purpose of converting the local currency of the Licensee (in which such
royalties arise) into sterling, the rate of exchange to be applied shall be the
rate of exchange applied by the London bankers to the Licensor for the purchase
of sterling with such foreign currency as at the close of business on the date
when the relevant payment first becomes due. 

3.8 In the event of any delay in paying any sum due under this Licence by the
due date, the Licensee shall pay to the Licensor interest (calculated on a daily
basis) on the overdue payment from the date such payment was due to the date of
actual payment at a rate of 5% over the base lending rate of the Bank of England
from time to time.

3.9 	At the same time as payment of royalties falls due, the Licensee shall
submit or cause to be submitted to the Licensor a statement in writing recording
the calculation of such royalties payable and in particular:

(a)	the Quarter for which the royalties were calculated;

(b)	the number of units of, or containing, the Software sold during the Quarter; 

(c)	the Net Revenue of each unit of, or containing, the Software sold during the
Quarter;

(d)	the amount of royalties due and payable;

(e)	the amount of any withholding or other income taxes deductible or due to be
deducted from the amount of royalties due and payable; and

(f)	any other particulars the Licensor may reasonably require.

3.10	The Licensee shall keep proper records and books of account showing the
description and price of the units of, or containing, the Software sold. Such
records and books shall be kept separate from any records and books not relating
solely to the Software and be open during normal business hours to inspection
and audit by the Licensor (or its authorised representative), who shall be
entitled to take copies of or extracts from the same. If such inspection or
audit should reveal a discrepancy in the royalties paid from those payable under
this Licence, the Licensee shall immediately make up the shortfall and reimburse
the Licensor in respect of any professional charges incurred for such audit or
inspection. Such right of inspection of the Licensor shall remain in effect for
a period of one year after the termination of this Licence.

3.11	Within 30 days of the end of each calendar year, the Licensee shall
submit to the Licensor a written statement certified by the Licensee's auditors
of the aggregate Net Revenue of the units of the Software licensed by the
Licensee in that year, and the amount due to be paid for that year under this
clause 7. In the event that such statement shows that the amount due by the
Licensee is less than the amount paid, the Licensee shall pay to the Licensor
within seven days of the submission of the statement an amount equivalent to the
difference between the amount paid and the amount due. 

3.12	The provisions of this clause 7 shall remain in effect notwithstanding
termination or expiry of this Licence until the settlement of all subsisting
claims by the Licensor.


[3A.	MODIFICATIONS

The Licensor shall inform the Licensee of any Modifications and shall offer to
licence such Modifications to the Licensee on the terms on the same terms as the
Software has been made available to the Licensee under this Licence.  For the
purposes of this clause, “Modifications” means any new version or release of the
Software that corrects faults, adds functionality or otherwise amends or
upgrades the Software, the intellectual property rights of which are owned by,
or licensed to, the Licensor.]1

4.	INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

You acknowledge that all intellectual property rights in the Software and the
Documentation throughout the world belong to[, or are licensed to] the Licensor,
that rights in the Software are licensed (not sold) to you, and that you have no
rights in, or to, the Software or the Documentation other than the right to use
them in accordance with the terms of this Licence.


5.	WARRANTY

5.1	The Software [and Documentation] are provided 'AS IS' without warranty or
condition of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to implied
warranties or conditions of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose
and those arising by statute or otherwise in law or from a usage in the trade
which are hereby excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law. Should the
Software or accompanying materials prove defective in any way, you assume the
entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction. Licensor does not
warrant, guarantee or represent that the functions contained in the Software
will meet your requirements or that the installation or operation of the
Software will be uninterrupted or error free.

5.2	You acknowledge that the Software has not been developed to meet your
individual requirements and that it is therefore your responsibility to ensure
that the facilities and functions of the Software as described in the
Documentation meet your requirements.

5.3	You acknowledge that the Software may not be free of bugs or errors and you
agree that the existence of any minor errors shall not constitute a breach of
this Licence.


6.	LICENSOR'S LIABILITY

6.1	Nothing in this Licence shall limit or exclude the liability of either party
for death or personal injury resulting from negligence, fraud, fraudulent
misrepresentation.

6.2	Subject to condition 6.1, the Licensor's liability for losses suffered by
you arising out of or in connection with this Licence, whether arising in
contract, tort, misrepresentation or otherwise, shall exclude:

(a)	loss of income;
(b)	loss of business profits or contracts;
(c)	business interruption;
(d)	loss of the use of money or anticipated savings;
(e)	loss of information;
(f)	loss of opportunity, goodwill or reputation;
(g)	loss of, damage to or corruption of data; or
(h)	any indirect or consequential loss or damage of any kind howsoever arising
and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or
otherwise.

6.3	Subject to clause 6.1 and clause 6.2, the Licensor's maximum aggregate
liability under or in connection with this Licence, or any collateral contract,
whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, shall be limited
to a sum equal to the Fees paid by Licensee to Licensor in the six month period
preceding the cause of action giving rise to the applicable claim. 

6.4	Subject to clause 6.1, clause 6.2 and clause 6.3, the Licensor's liability
for infringement of third party intellectual property rights shall be limited to
breaches of rights subsisting in the UK.


7.	TERMINATION

7.1	The Licensor may terminate this Licence immediately by written notice to you
if:

(a)	You commit a material or persistent breach of this Licence which you fail to
remedy (if remediable) within 14 days after the service on you of written notice
requiring you to do so; or

(b)	a petition for a bankruptcy order to be made against you has been presented
to the court; or

(c)	the Licensee (where it is a company) becomes insolvent or unable to pay its
debts (within the meaning of section 123 of the Insolvency Act 1986), enters
into liquidation, whether voluntary or compulsory (other than for reasons of
bona fide amalgamation or reconstruction), passes a resolution for its
winding-up, has a receiver or administrator manager, trustee, liquidator or
similar officer appointed over the whole or any part of its assets, makes any
composition or arrangement with its creditors or takes or suffers any similar
action in consequence of its debt, or becomes unable to pay its debts (within
the meaning of section 123 of the Insolvency Act 1986).

7.2	Upon termination for any reason:

(a)	all rights granted to you under this Licence shall cease;

(b)	you must cease all activities authorised by this Licence;

(c)	you must immediately pay to the Licensor any sums due to the Licensor under
this Licence; and

(d)	you must immediately delete or remove the Software from all computer
equipment in your possession and immediately destroy or return to the Licensor
(at the Licensor's option) all copies of the Software then in your possession,
custody or control and, in the case of destruction, certify to the Licensor that
you have done so.


8.	TRANSFER OF RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS

8.1	This Licence is binding on you and us and on our respective successors and
assigns. 

8.2	You may not transfer, assign, charge or otherwise dispose of this Licence,
or any of your rights or obligations arising under it, without our prior written
consent. 

8.3	The Licensor may transfer, assign, charge, sub-contract or otherwise dispose
of this Licence, or any of his rights or obligations arising under it, at any
time during the term of the Licence.


9.	NOTICES

All notices given by you to the Licensor must be given to Moorfields Eye
Hospital NHS Foundation Trust of City Road, London EC1V 2PD. The Licensor may
give notice to you at either the e-mail or postal address you provided to it
when purchasing the Software. Notice will be deemed received and properly served
24 hours after an e-mail is sent, or three days after the date of posting of any
letter. In proving the service of any notice, it will be sufficient to prove, in
the case of a letter, that such letter was properly addressed, stamped and
placed in the post and, in the case of an e-mail, that such e-mail was sent to
the specified e-mail address of the addressee.


10.	WAIVER

10.1	If the Licensor fails, at any time during the term of this Licence, to
insist on strict performance of any of your obligations under this Licence, or
if the Licensor fails to exercise any of the rights or remedies to which he is
entitled under this Licence, this shall not constitute a waiver of such rights
or remedies and shall not relieve you from compliance with such obligations.

10.2	A waiver by the Licensor of any default shall not constitute a waiver of
any subsequent default.

10.3	No waiver by the Licensor of any of these terms and conditions shall be
effective unless it is expressly stated to be a waiver and is communicated to
you in writing.


11.	SEVERABILITY

If any of the terms of this Licence are determined by any competent authority to
be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, such term, condition or
provision will to that extent be severed from the remaining terms, conditions
and provisions which will continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted
by law.


12.	ENTIRE AGREEMENT

12.1	This Licence and any document expressly referred to in it represents the
entire agreement between us in relation to the licensing of the Software and
Documentation and supersedes any prior agreement, understanding or arrangement
between us, whether oral or in writing.

12.2	We each acknowledge that, in entering into this Licence, neither of us
has relied on any representation, undertaking or promise given by the other or
implied from anything said or written in negotiations between us before entering
into this Licence except as expressly stated in this Licence.

12.3	Neither of us shall have any remedy in respect of any untrue statement
made by the other, whether orally or in writing, prior to the date we entered
into this Licence (unless such untrue statement was made fraudulently) and the
other party's only remedy shall be for breach of contract as provided in this
Licence.


13.	LAW AND JURISDICTION

This Licence, its subject matter or its formation (including non-contractual
disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
English law and is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.